[Music]
hi my name is Charles Evans and
throughout this film I'm going to show
you lots of quick and clever watercolour
not only paintings but tips and
techniques some really easy ways to do
bits and pieces in your landscapes and
so what I'm gonna start off with is how
to do a few little paintings but just
using one brush I stress one brush
because that way you have to use every
side and every angle of your brush in
order to do the painting not just the
big bit that you think of and if you
limit yourself to ten minutes then also
you're teaching yourselves about drying
times if you put too much water into one
bit then you have to wait and you
haven't got the time to wait so you're
teaching yourself how much water or how
little water you need in your paint now
little bit of hookers green and burnt
sienna again but this time tie touch of
ultramarine blue into it make it even
darker very dark rich blue bluey green
still with the same brush push the brush
until it bends and flick up a grass and
again
now little bit of something anything and
that's why I keep that little bit in the
corner of my part its muck people say to
me don't you ever wash that part out
1976 I did once I think draw a little
flame there you go
little landscape painting done in about
five minutes but limit yourself to ten
minutes maximum because then you've got
to learn you can't stop painting you've
got to keep painting and so I can't put
too much water on it now a little bit of
stark ultramarine blue and burnt sienna
dark within the dark and just kind of
reinstate the edge of that path there in
amongst the shadow there brings take
that bit of grass in the middle and that
edge there if I wanted individual light
strands of grass in amongst all that
dark stuff just feel tough too and that
people tend to use masking fluid bits of
tools and all kinds of stuff to do that
look very very simple works but see you
know all I'm do playing the piano
look few bits of light breath simple now
once you take your tape off it's that
nice light edge that's when the dark
comes into its own because the dark
leads the eye to the light of the
painting that wasn't too difficult was
it big convincing landscape by a good
bit of fun then you know quick and
clever watercolors it's not about me
being really clever because you can pick
up this film try the exercises follow
the tips and techniques and paint this
way but remember it is supposed to be
about fun so enjoy slap on planes get
dirty and have some fun I'll see you
again bye
[Music]
the
you
[Music]